All right I hope you're excited to start building some of our core technology with me.
A-R just kind of blows my mind.
I mean the idea that we can take our physical world our digital world and sort of meld the two of them
just amazing to me.
So I highly recommend checking out Google's Web site for this developers dog Google dot com slash are
all sorts of information about how you can start working with a market.
And there's really these three launching pads you can go with Android studio unity or unreal so both
unity and unreal these are game engines and so for the 3D world of things if you're going to get really
specific there I highly recommend going with unity in unreal but in the daydream section we covered
how to work with Unity's so I'm going to kind of leave both the game engines off for this one instead.
Show you how you could get up and running with Android studio versus using one of these game engines.
Also no there's some great resources down here about I think particularly the API is and the guides
are where you're going to want to be looking and obviously any questions you have the forms are a good
place.
But we're going to go ahead and learn how to get started with an android studio path to doing our course
so we're going to go ahead and click on get started.
And the first sort of devastating news that we have to encounter is there's only a few supported Android
devices and you need a physical Android device.
So not only do you need a physical Android device but you'd need a Either Google pixel pixel like cell
pixel to pixel to x l or X galaxy 8.
Now that's only at the time of filming.
There may be more phones that come out with time and that support our core but this is a very limited
set of phones.
And these are all pretty expensive phones.
But like I said over time I think this is going to come down you may be watching this and be like Google
pics so I can totally for that or pixel to it's nothing but.
So just know you're not going to be able to test it out.
I have a pixel to here that I got so that we could test this out so you could see what it looks like
but just wanted to get clear enough with all of this.
Also I love this little example pictured that they included here like one of these hippos with no legs
or like blobby hippos slash bunnies.
I'm not sure what's going on but kind of cool thing there.
So anyways let's go ahead and work through these steps.
We do have Android studio.
We have a supported device here.
The next thing that we need to do is we need to download this SDK preview for Android studio.
So we're going to go ahead and click on this file which will start a download case so this is going
to we now have this file in our downloads are going to go ahead and throw that on my desktop.
So I'm going to go open up this folder bring it to my desktop and inside of here there is inside of
sample's this Java core.
Hello.
They.
So this is the project that we want to open.
So let's go ahead and go to Android studio.
We're going to say open an existing project I'm just going to go to my desktop and here inside of sample's
I want to say like Java our core.
Hello our So go ahead and say open to that.
And there's going to be a few things that you'll probably have to update.
So when I was working on this I just sort of said yes to everything to get up to the most current version
and it worked out for me so I'm going to do this as well.
And of course these files can change with time.
I mean our core is technically still in Preview although it hasn't been quite developed.
I have a friend who's been in a car for a couple of years now.
Before Android came out with our core before iOS came out to our kit he was doing it more with these
kind of private libraries.
But anyways I asked him about our core and he said yes it is in Preview but it is very functional and
in fact he said in many ways I sometimes see it beating a market and a lot of different areas.
So that was pretty cool to hear.
So with this here we're almost ready to get started but there's a pretty big crucial piece here and
this is the really confusing part.
So this is where I want to make sure I'm here for you and that's whatever device it is that you're using.
You want to make sure that it's able to run on there.
And there's a few tricky things that we have to do.
So the very first one and I'm going to go ahead and get my app up here my phone so you can see what's
going on we need to see here and open up this app called vizor you saw this before but this is going
to allow us to see my device.
Excellent.
So the first thing that we want to do is we want to go to our settings.
So I'm going to go ahead and open up my settings and you want to scroll all the way down to the bottom
two system and you want to go down to about pixel and scroll all the way down and double tap or quadruple
tap whatever it is you keep tapping on this until it says Hey congratulations you are a developer and
once you have that in place the next step is you have to enable us be debugging and I'll be honest this
is kind of hard to find.
So I just would go to the settings and search for USP and then us be the bugginess going to come up
here and you can go ahead and switch this on.
I didn't have vizor on the whole time that I was doing that.
So you want to go to the search in your settings search for us be just go to US be the buggy and set
this switch to ON.
OK.
So that's kind of your first step there.
Then the next thing is we have to get this A-R core services installed on our phone and we have to do
it through a db.
And so this is going to be using the terminal on your computer.
And so this is going to be a little bit tricky here but step number one we need to download this file
so go ahead and click here.
It's going to start downloading that that might take a little bit of time but that's OK because it's
going to take a while in order to get this up and running.
So if you're not familiar with the terminal or the command prompt if you're on the PC here's it's basically
allows you to move through your computer but just via a text based system rather than a visual system
you'll see here with like a mouse in windows and stuff like that.
So what we're going to do is it looks like that file has finished downloading.
I'm going to go ahead and throw that on my desktop and I'll just put that there are court preview.
AP case will essentially we're trying to get this AP K on to our phone.
So on a Mac I'm going to open up the terminal for you on a PC.
You want to open up the command prompt but we want to find out where our SDK tools are installed with
our Android studio.
And so if you go to Android studio and you check out the preferences you can go ahead and go into appearance
and behavior then go to system settings and Android SDK.
So this is going to show you where your SDK is installed.
So for me flash users slash that decodes slash library slash Android slash SDK.
So in our terminal here we want to move in to that directory so to do that we're going to do CD which
is changed directory and space then I'm going to go copy this complete path and then I'm going to paste
it into my terminal and hit enter.
So if he see as he came over here this now means you've moved into this directory folder.
If I type.
LS That's going to list out everything in that folder.
And we're trying to get here into our platform tools.
So we're going to go ahead and say see the plat form ash tools.
OK.
And if you do an ls here if you see an APB this tells you OK for sure you are ready to rock n roll.
And basically what we just need to do is we need this to go ahead and open our app.
So this is a great stopping point in the next one I'm going to show you how to finish installing this
on your phone.
And then we're going to move on to checking out our core.